Pimcore Commercial License (PCL)

Copyright (c) 2013 - present Pimcore GmbH


1. Subject matter and acceptance

1.1 This open core software license agreement (POCL) is between Pimcore GmbH, registered in the 
commercial register of the Salzburg Regional Court under no. FN 398049t, with its business 
address at Söllheimer Straße 16, 5020 Salzburg, Austria, as the sole licensor ("Pimcore"), and 
the user of the software as the licensee ("Customer").

1.2	Subject of the PCL is the usage of the Pimcore Software (“Software“). The exact products that 
are available under the PCL are defined in the additional contractual documents or by inclusion 
of, or referral to, this PCL within the source code or within the source code repositories. 
The Software is protected by copyright worldwide. 

1.3	By starting to use the Software, the Customer agrees to all terms and conditions of the PCL.


2. License

2.1 Pimcore grants the Customer the non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, 
geographically unlimited right, limited in time to the term of the PCL, to use the Software and
to modify, adapt and customize it for its own purposes. The Customer is not obliged to share 
these modifications, adaptations, and customizations (“Derivatives”) with Pimcore or anyone else.   

2.2	The Customer may only use the Software for its own enterprise. The Customer may not use the 
Software simultaneously in more instances than Customer has acquired usage licences for. The 
Customer may not offer the Software as a hosted or managed service by granting third parties 
access to a significant part of the features or functions of the Software. The Customer is 
only permitted to copy the Software to the extent that this is necessary for the intended use,
including the correction of errors. The creation of a backup copy is permitted if it is necessary
to secure the contractual use.
    
2.3	If the Customer violates any of the above provisions, all rights of use granted under the PCL 
shall immediately become invalid and shall automatically revert to Pimcore. In this case, the 
Customer shall immediately and completely cease using the software, delete all copies of the 
software installed on its systems and delete any backup copies made or hand them over to Pimcore.
In addition, Pimcore reserves the right to take all legal steps.

2.4 Sect. 2.3 applies accordingly if Derivatives of the Customer infringe upon patents.

2.5	Upon request, the Customer shall enable Pimcore to verify the proper use of the Software, in 
particular whether the Customer is using the Software as agreed. For this purpose, the Customer
shall provide Pimcore with information, grant access to relevant documents and records and enable
an audit of the hardware and software environment by Pimcore or an auditing company named by
Pimcore and acceptable to the Customer. Pimcore may carry out the audit on the Customer's premises
during the Customer's regular business hours or have it carried out by third parties bound to 
secrecy. Pimcore shall ensure that the Customer's business operations are disturbed as little as 
possible by the on-site audit. If the inspection reveals a licence violation by the Customer that 
is not merely minimal, the Customer shall bear the costs of the inspection, otherwise Pimcore 
shall bear them. Pimcore reserves all other rights.

2.6 The parties may agree on expanded usage rights, arrangements for enterprise customers, and 
special OEM provisions separately. 


3. Contribution of Derivatives

If the Customer wishes to contribute to the Software, the Customer must comply with the Pimcore 
Contributors License Agreement (“CLA”). The CLA stipulates the terms under which contributions 
are managed, ensuring that all parties' rights are protected. Acceptance of the CLA is mandatory 
for all contributors and can be reviewed on the Source-Code Repository. Contributions without 
adherence to the CLA will not be accepted.


4. Collateral obligations of the Customer

4.1 The Customer shall not (a) use GPLv3-licensed Pimcore Community Edition alongside PCL licensed 
Software, and shall not (b) revert from PCL to GPLv3, to protect the Customer’s rights in 
Derivatives. 

4.2 The Customer must ensure that the access data to the user accounts is not passed on to 
unauthorised third parties and is protected against unauthorised access by third parties. The 
authorised users shall be instructed accordingly. The Customer shall inform Pimcore immediately 
if there is a suspicion of misuse of the Software.

4.3 The Customer shall not manipulate, in particular modify, move, remove, suppress, switch off 
or circumvent licence keys and associated protection mechanisms in the Software. 

4.4	The Customer must not alter or obfuscate any of the Pimcore's licensing, copyright, or other
proprietary notices within the Software. Any use of Pimcore’s trademarks must comply with applicable 
laws.

4.5	The Customer shall not modify, relocate, disable, or bypass any functionalities associated with 
the Pimcore Marketplace. 


5. Defects
    
5.1	The Customer is obliged to notify Pimcore of any defect or error in the Software immediately 
after its occurrence.    

5.2	Before reporting any defect or error, the Customer must carry out an analysis of the system 
environment as far as possible to ensure that the defect or error is not due to system components 
that are not covered by this PCL.

5.3 The Customer shall immediately install or carry out updates or other troubleshooting measures 
provided by Pimcore.
    
5.4 Violations of the obligations to co-operate may result in additional costs for Pimcore. The 
Customer must reimburse Pimcore for such costs, unless it is not responsible for them.


6. Indemnification

The Customer shall indemnify Pimcore against all third-party claims (in particular claims arising 
from infringement of copyright, patent, competition, trademark or data protection law) asserted 
against Pimcore in connection with the Customer’s use of the Software, unless these claims are 
based on intentional or grossly negligent behaviour on the part of Pimcore or Pimcore's legal 
representatives or vicarious agents.  This indemnification obligation includes the reimbursement 
of reasonable costs incurred by Pimcore in the assertion or defence of Pimcore’s rights in this 
context.


7. Termination

After termination of this PCL, the Customer must uninstall the Software, including all copies, and 
delete any remaining recognisable Software residues from its IT system. The Customer must destroy
any backup copies made. At Pimcore's request, the Customer must confirm that it has fulfilled 
these obligations. 


8. Remuneration

The remuneration for the use of the software shall be agreed separately.  


9. Miscellaneous

9.1	In all other respects, the individual agreements concluded with the Customer, and Pimcore's GTC, 
and, if applicable, Pimcore's PaaS GTC shall apply. 

9.2	Specifications originating from the Customer regarding the service content and legal elements, 
such as GTC or contractual clauses, do not apply. 

9.3	Support, maintenance and other services remain subject to separate agreements.
